fundamental mode the tail our opponent
of Medina gabacho chica fights presenta
amigo surrender estamos en el
lanzamiento bueno en el dia de
lanzamiento de modelo phone or uno de
los a veces más Desperados de la
temporada que ademas esta voz alta
konjam fairies product manager executive
product director manager regional
manager for of medal of honor y que por
todo de cuatro nest removal ossa
nosotros estamos diciendo que aquí el
señor de aqui en serio denominator algo
en algunas partes del internet Eric
record which el productor resulta que no
que no es el Karen actor pero que go to
see apures nov / Lincoln Park Carol dist
manejando chip we stole your story about
the deep end Jim how are you obvio
averigua tanki X I Rivaldo numero phoner
here in stores today and Oleg sorry
let's ward / sexier john owen scan upon
para este even working and games now I
like this game you know it's a little
bit later la fresca per year so you know
to finally be at this point where it's
coming out in the hands of the fans that
are just gonna sit down play through a
single player or just jump online and
start playing competitively is uh it's
just a really nice feeling is it hard or
is like some kind of bored burden making
a reboot or a fake or with a franchise
that is left in the FPS genre it's
certainly something that we didn't want
to take lightly I mean it was a medal of
honor you know going back to the
frontline days really had a strong
connection and helped elevate
first-person shooters as a genre
basically back then and so when it came
time for us to reboot the franchise we
knew that we wanted to bring it into the
present day make something more relevant
world war two was no longer relevant to
a lot of you know 20 year olds out there
they don't really you know
next week World War two in the same way
that the older generations do but medal
of honor has always been about a soldier
story and authentic soldier story you
know really telling about the
experiences of war for these unique
people and we needed to maintain that
with the reboot of the franchise and so
in in our studies we came across this
unique group the tier-one operators and
once we were able to connect with them
and better understand you know their
experiences and and how they work it's
at that point we realized this was a
perfect fit for the next medal of honor
and and we were able to to tell the
story of these very unique warriors in
this you know very you know difficult
terrain and and and challenging enemy in
Afghanistan now we have well chucked
about a couple of months about the
gameplay the influence with cheer one
operators and all that but you bring
something new to the FPS genre that is
you have competitive mult multiplayer
you have well all the modes the
multiplayer mode but also you have this
leader boards that are the tier 10
boards there are you against yourself
sort of speak what can you tell us about
the new tier 1 the neutral one mode that
is the world actually it's new in every
FPS genre ever well in the FPS genre in
general but it was one of those things
were you know getting to the level of
tier one we wanted to make you know we
wanted people to realize that that not
everyone's tier one that you know I mean
did to be tier one means that you're
ultimately going to be taking on
challenges that are very difficult for
most and and you should be rewarded by
being able to get through those
challenges effectively and so tier one
mode was implemented where it basically
becomes a system where you're playing
through to the best of your abilities
but you're not you know playing
multiplayer in the traditional sense
against other people online but then are
able to stack up and compete against one
another
just by seeing who is the best that kind
of a set designer set principal or a set
challenge in front of them so so the
tier 1 mode literally just became a
great opportunity to really extend the
life of the game just by being very
competitive kind of online and offline
through through the game and one last
question what can you tell us that is
like the most important thing of metal
of honor that you can tell the Mexican
pants that are they're going to love
you're going to love like the chaotic
multiplayer or the single player or the
single-player campaign that is like real
well relevant you have this power
struggle between the the guy who wants
to like take care of their soldiers and
the world ahead of the head of the old
horror me and said I don't I don't care
just just make them mission work what's
like the biggest thing for you
especially for the Medal of Honor well
this medal of honor I think the biggest
thing for me right now is I think that
the the multiplayer is going to deliver
a lot of fun options a lot of unexpected
gameplay just through 24 you know people
online playing against one another and
dice has done an amazing job with that
but the coolest thing I would actually
tell probably the Mexican fans that are
excited about this game would be through
the single-player they're actually going
to learn and he understand a story about
these very unique warriors that are
there's very little known about I mean
and we had to be very careful about even
what we brought through in the game we
had to respect their privacy and and and
their safety but but I think that
they'll see a very different experience
than than they would expect coming in
Jim well thank you very much and yeah
buen amigo por Medal of Honor Xbox
resent appreciation trespassing yest
entiendas vayan pursue copia y nos vemos
en linea yes
banda ancha movie telcel cobertura
facilidad de velocidad